• The design choices I made for formulating the ERD:

1) A user which is identified by user_id can be both consumer or creator.  
2) A video consumer user which is identified by the user_id can subscribe to any number of channels but only once to a particular channel. Subscription entity(acts as a bridge table) which connects many video consumers to many channels has a composite key of user_id and channel_id. So, a single video consumer can have either zero or many subscriptions and a channel can optionally have one to many subscriptions.  
3) Video creators create their channel. They need to create at least one channel to be a creator and can have any number of channels. A channel is uniquely distinguished by the channel_id. The creator of the channel can be found by the creator_id. A single channel can optionally upload one to many videos on youtube.
4) After uploading and processing the video by youtube, the data is added in the video entity along with a unique video_id and channel_id to determine the parent channel. Dynamic data related to any video like view count is updated in video stats which is determined by the video_id. 
5) Many sponsors can sponsor many videos but a single sponsor can fund a particular video only once. The amount of revenue generated by the video is stored and the total cost to the sponsors of all the videos is present in the sponsor details entity.
6) Video can be either or both information and entertainment type of category. Any category has identifiers like keywords and tags.
7) Any consumer can comment on any video even if he is not subscribed to that channel. The comments can be 0 or many.

• Relationships:
1) Mandatory 1:1
	Video and its dynamically changing statistics.
2) Mandatory 1:M
	In order to become a creator a user needs to create at least one channel.
3) Optional 0:M
	A single channel can have any number of videos including zero
4) M: N
	All M:N relationships are decomposed into 1:M and M:1 relationships by creating an intermediate entity known as bridge table 
	a) Any video consumer (not a creator) can subscribe to any channel (Bridge Table Used: Subscription)
	b) Any consumer can comment on any video (Bridge Table Used: Comments)
	c) Any sponsor can fund any video (Bridge Table Used: Sponsor)

• Strong and weak relationships:
1) In this design weak relations which can exist independently are:
	a) Sponsor 
	If any sponsor is deleted, all their previous transactions with their videos will still be available. Even if video is deleted, there is no affect on sponsors.
2) All other entity's existence dependent on parent
	a) Channel is dependent on creator. 
	b) Video is dependent on channel. When a channel is deleted all videos associated to that are deleted.
	c) Video stats are dependent on video.
	d) Comments are deleted 


• Supertypes and Subtypes:
1) User : Video creator and Video consumer (Overlapping subtypes)
2) Video category: Information and Entertainment (Overlapping subtypes)
